# hello-world
Getting accustomed to github.

My introduction to programming started as an electrical engineering student at the University of Memphis. I learned Fortran, MatLab, C, C++, and HTML. I've since come into contact with HTML, CSS, Python, MySQL, PHP, Node.js, R, and PHP. I grew accustomed to using control applications like SCADA. The languages I've studied the most are HTML, CSS, MySQL, and PHP. I preferred to learn the core language over libraries. As such, I've only dabbled with JQuery, React, and Laravel. 

I've been practicing HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, and PHP off and on for quite a while. Off and on due to my work schedule, and the search for decent training material. Finding decent training material is a journey. Some tutorials seem to take a person through a lot of useless things, and then at the crucial point, the material requires you to do just download template versions of code you are trying to learn how to create. That seems no different than going to law school, and after 6 months time, the instructors say, "OK,it's just easier to hire a lawyer. No need to learn the rest of the stuff over the next year and a half." I've run into that philosophy with quite a few online instructors pointing  you to a Bootstrap template. I've used Bootstrap, but I haven't bothered to memorize the templates since one can easily look them up. The other problems with online tutorials involve the instructors. Many of them call their tutorial one thing, but they do another. That goes especially for learning JavaScript. Many online instructors are actually teaching a library instead of core or 'vanlla' Javascript. Libraries seem more or less like another language, but the lifespan of libraries is far shorter than the core language. That's why I prefer to learn the core language, and maybe pick up a library at some other point.  

I'm pretty good with HTML and CSS. I studied Javascript for quite a while, but it seemed that JavaScript wasn't really necessary. You could do a lot of the same things with HTML, and CSS.  I learned a lot about Javascript, but I couldn't shake the idea that learning how to store user information in a database would be more satisfying. I started learning MySQL, and PHP to round off my skills. I've dabbled with data structures, but without continual use, data structures are easily forgettable. I have yet to have an occasion to use data structures in building websites. I ended up with a degree in engineering, and economics. Due to economics, I was exposed to R, and a bit of Python. 

Well, that's my programming journey up to now. Of course, my programming journey hasn't ended yet. 
